client/README.md, before:

#This is Zenify

Zenify is a music player and visualizer using Spotify's API, TSParticles, and various supporting libraries.

You can login with your Spotify account, search for a track or album to play, and the particles will react to the music by changing speed, color, and movement direction.

Libraries used:

https://github.com/matteobruni/tsparticles
https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-spotify-web-playback
https://github.com/spotify/web-api-auth-examples

Don't know what music to try out off the top of your head?

####OSTs:
Gareth coker - The entire ori and the will of the wisps soundtrack
Howard Shore - Lord of the rings - The Bridge of Khazad Dum

####Intrumental metal/progressive:
RichardEB - Megalovania, or Ash - from the ablum ash and blood
Andromida - Dystopia Foretold, Supernova, or Celestial
Polyphia - Death Note, G.O.A.T, or The Worst

####EDM/Chill
MUZZ - worth the lie
Seven Lions - only now feat tyler graves - mitix remix
ILLENIUM - Lonely (with Chandler Leighton)
WRLD, Laura Brehm - Ocean Blue




####Wishlist of features I want to/Will add:
*Responsiveness
*Persistent Sessions and login support/cookies
*Refresh token support
*Logout button
*Playlist Support
*User Particle options
*Background Options
*Recommended songs/playlist

Commit message:

Minor css tweaks and update readme

client/README.md, after:

#This is Zenify //Link will go here once it is deployed and hosted

Zenify is a music player and visualizer using Spotify's API, TSParticles, and various supporting libraries.

You can login with your Spotify account, search for a track or album to play, and the particles will react to the music by changing speed, color, and movement direction.

Feel free to download the code and alter it or reuse it.

Libraries used:
https://github.com/matteobruni/tsparticles
https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-spotify-web-playback
https://github.com/spotify/web-api-auth-examples

Don't know what music to try out off the top of your head?

####OSTs:
Gareth coker - The entire ori and the will of the wisps soundtrack
Howard Shore - Lord of the rings - The Bridge of Khazad Dum

####Intrumental metal/progressive:
RichardEB - Megalovania, or Ash - from the ablum ash and blood
Andromida - Dystopia Foretold, Supernova, or Celestial
Polyphia - Death Note, G.O.A.T, or The Worst

####EDM/Chill
MUZZ - worth the lie
Seven Lions - only now feat tyler graves - mitix remix
ILLENIUM - Lonely (with Chandler Leighton)
WRLD, Laura Brehm - Ocean Blue

Insights on my journey developing this:

This is my first React project without the hand-holding of a tutorial to fall back on. There are still bugs to work out, and my code isn't as clean as I want it to be. I faced many challenges while making this project, and I learned a lot about react, redux, and other non-coding things like Perlin noise and a bit of musical theory.

Some of the biggest challenges were getting the particles to update without completely re-rendering the component, which the creator of TSParticles guided me through, and Learning how to use Spotify's Auth, Playback, and Analysis apis. 

The hardest thing was coming up with a way to keep track of the users current playback within the song to use in conjunction with the analysis, as I could not find any other information on how to create a visualizer using Spotify's song analysis. 

The solution I came up with was to use a Date() object to create timestamps for when the song was started, it's progress/duration information, and how much time had passed since the timestamp. Then using that information, I could loop through the array containing the analysis and compare it to the current position in the song to find the right segment/beat/section. There may be better ways to do this, but I'm pretty proud of this solution as something I solved on my own.

I want to revisit this in the future, when I know more, to make improvements, and to make my code more efficient. For instance, I don't use many components, and some components are redundant or should be pure JS code instead, but my lack of experience prevents me from efficiently refactoring things into a cleaner structure.

####Wishlist of features I want to/Will add:
*Responsiveness
*Persistent Sessions and login support/cookies
*Refresh token support
*Logout button
*Playlist Support
*User Particle options
*Background Options
*Recommended songs/playlist
